docker/README.md, before:

SELIS Big Data Analytics Module - Docker
========================================


About
-----
This set of Dockerfiles is intended for setting up a local development 
environment. All required databases and modules are containerized and 
reasonable defaults are provided. This setup is not for production usage.


Getting Started
---------------
Assuming that we have a running `docker` installation locally and a Pub-Sub 
existing installation remotely (we fill the connection details in the 
properties file), we can setup the SELIS BDA locally by executing 

```bash
./sls.sh run all
```

This subcommand will pull, build required images, create volumes, create a
network and launch containers for the BDA's components. When it finishes it 
connects to the 'selis-controller' container where the BDA code that existed
locally has been copied to be tested.

Other useful subcommands are:

```bash
# Start all containers:
./sls.sh startall

# Stop all containers:
./sls.sh stopall

# Run specified container:
./sls.sh run <postgres/hbase/keycloak/controller>

# Remove all containers/images/networks/volumes:
./sls.sh clean
```
A certain convention is used for naming things, for more details look 
at `./sls.sh`.

Keycloak Setup
--------------
The steps to setup Keycloak server, after executing `./sls.sh run all`, are:

1. Go [here](http://127.0.0.1:8989/auth/), choose `Administration Console` and
   login using the credentials: `selis-admin/123456`.

2. Create a new `realm` by choosing `Add realm` and name it `selis-bda-realm`.

3. Create a new `Client` by choosing `Clients > Create` and name it
   `selis-bda-app`.

4. Set `Authorization Enabled` to `ON`.

5. Set `Valid Redirect URIs` to `http://127.0.0.1:9999/*`.

6. Go to `Installation` tab, choose the `Keycloak OIDC JSON` format and click
   `Download`.

7. Save the created `.json` locally and copy the `secret` to  `bda.properties`.

8. Go to `Roles` and click `Add Role`, set the role name to `selis-user-role`.

9. Go to `Users`, click `Add user` and set username to `selis-user` 
   and password to `123456`.

10. In the `Role Mappings` tab add a `selis-user-role` to the user.

11. Go to `Clients > Service Account Roles` and add the `selis-user-role` to
    the assigned roles.

12. Compile and run the BDA server.

Commit message:

update Dockefiles, add docker compose configuration and scripts

docker/README.md, after:

SELIS Big Data Analytics Module - Docker
========================================


About
-----
This set of Dockerfiles is intended for setting up a local development 
environment with all the different SELIS components. 
All required databases and modules are containerized and 
reasonable defaults are provided. This setup is not for production usage.


Requirements
------------
Latest docker.io and docker-compose v.1.24.1



Getting Started
---------------
In order to setup the SELIS BDA with all the required components locally:
 
1. Edit the ```.env``` file and provide local values for the unset variables.
2. Run ```make``` from this directory to build all the required images using
   the Dockerfiles.
3. Run ```docker-compose up``` to create a network, the volumes and the containers 
   of the SELIS components.


Keycloak Setup
--------------
The steps to setup Keycloak server, after executing `./sls.sh run all`, are:

1. Go [here](http://127.0.0.1:8989/auth/), choose `Administration Console` and
   login using the credentials: `selis-admin/123456`.

2. Create a new `realm` by choosing `Add realm` and name it `selis-bda-realm`.

3. Create a new `Client` by choosing `Clients > Create` and name it
   `selis-bda-app`.

4. Set `Authorization Enabled` to `ON`.

5. Set `Valid Redirect URIs` to `http://127.0.0.1:9999/*`.

6. Go to `Installation` tab, choose the `Keycloak OIDC JSON` format and click
   `Download`.

7. Save the created `.json` locally and copy the `secret` to  `bda.properties`.

8. Go to `Roles` and click `Add Role`, set the role name to `selis-user-role`.

9. Go to `Users`, click `Add user` and set username to `selis-user` 
   and password to `123456`.

10. In the `Role Mappings` tab add a `selis-user-role` to the user.

11. Go to `Clients > Service Account Roles` and add the `selis-user-role` to
    the assigned roles.

12. Compile and run the BDA server.
